File integration (#638)
aerogear/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/sync/server-files.adoc

> = File Upload Slient

Reviewer: Client?

{sync-server} provides support for uploading binary data along with the GraphQL queries.

> Implementation relies on upstream `Apollo Server` capabilities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The implementation relies on upstream `Apollo Server` capabilities.
```

> Implementation is relying on upstream `Apollo NodeJS` server capabilities

Reviewer 2: I'm not 100% sure but are you saying it relies on capabilities provided by the apollo-server package? If so my suggestion is this:

```suggestion
Implementation relies on upstream `Apollo Server` capabilities.
```

== Introduction

> The upload functionality using the GraphQL multipart form requests specification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The upload functionality uses the GraphQL multipart form requests specification.
```

> The File Upload needs to be implemented on both server and client:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
File upload needs to be implemented on both server and client:
```

1) On the client HTML FileList objects are mapped into a mutation and sent to the server in a multipart request.

2) On the server: The multipart request is handled. The server processes it and provides an upload argument to a resolver. 

> In the resolver function, the upload promise resolves an object.

Reviewer: would 1 and 2 be better in the intro?

Reviewer: oh, it's already in the client side intro, doh!
so, so we need it in both places?

Author: It is essential for the reader to know the premise, but not sure how to do that properly with the boundaries of server/client. Duplication is small so maybe we can close eye? Any suggestions welcome

Reviewer: As part of sync docs review I'll try to merge, fine for now

NOTE: File upload is based on link:https://github.com/jaydenseric/graphql-multipart-request-spec[graphql-multipart-request-spec]

= Building Resolvers with File Uploads Support

> To enable file uploads please create a schema and using the `Upload` scalar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable file uploads, create a schema and use the `Upload` scalar.
```

For example:

[source, javascript]
----
const { ApolloServer, gql } = require('apollo-server');

const typeDefs = gql`
  type File {
    filename: String!
    mimetype: String!
    encoding: String!
  }
  type Query {
    uploads: [File]
  }
  type Mutation {
    singleUpload(file: Upload!): File!
  }
`;
----

> Following schema enables file uploads. Resolvers will get injected `Upload` scalar as one of the arguments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following schema enables file uploads. The `Upload` scalar will be injected as one of the arguments in the resolvers.
```

> `Upload` scalar will contain all metadata and also node.js stream that can be used to save file to specific location:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Upload` scalar contains all file metadata and a link:https://nodejs.org/api/stream.html#stream_readable_streams[Readable Stream] that can be used to save the file to a specific location.
```
